# Agenda

[x] Setup the Repo
[x] Week 27 - Planning Week
[x] Allocate Initial Tasks

# Planning - First Steps

1. Tech stack
  - Node.js, Express, React
  - Something modern for CSS (Tailwind or Bootstrap)
  - SASS

2. Do we need a DB?
  - Yes, we need a DB because we need it to be full-stack
  - PostgreSQL or MongoDB?
  - Using Prisma?

3. User stories and features

# User Stories

- As a user, I can enter a URL and press a button to receive the summary of the content of the URL. The summary includes:
  - Executive Summary
  - Takeaways
  - Important quote
  - Related article
- As a user, I can select the number of words for the executive summary, e.g. 50 words, 100 words, or 150 words
- As a user, I can select the number of takeaways from the article (from a pre-filled list), e.g. three takeaways or two or one, etc.
- As a user, I can repeatedly use the application to get summaries
- As a user, I can see my previously searched articles
- As a user, I expect errors handled gracefully 


# Integration Testing and Error Handling 
- Biggest risk is the OpenAI API giving bad results or wrong results
- Part of the testing strategy and error handling
  - "I'm sorry, but I cannot summarize tweets based on the link you provided." 
  - Add a disclaimer "Some articles are not accurately summarized by the OpenAI"
    - Or just not demo this :) 


# Takeaway Tasks

1. Research on DB, finding the answers to the two open questions.
  - PostgreSQL or MongoDB? @Andrew
  - Using Prisma? @Erkan

2. Should we use something like BeautifulSoup (https://www.npmjs.com/package/jssoup) to get the text for an article, then prompt OpenAI for the summary, etc.? @Aarij

3. More user stories @All